This is super important, so I want to
share it with you quickly. I'm browsing
Hacker News, uh, the new submissions,
which I'm like one of the only people
who does this, but that's fine. See this
versel adapts their SEO strategy for LLM
visibility. I I visited this page. This
is actually a great piece, really
excellent piece by by Kevin and Malta
there. Uh, they're talking about how
search is changing and and look at this.
Chat GPT now refers around 10% of new
Versel signups. That's up from 4.8% 8%
the previous month and 1% six months
ago. That is wild. Absolutely wild.
Other people are noting this change too.
Tally saw their AI search become their
biggest acquisition. Okay, I just want
to be totally clear. You this might be
true for you. This might be real and
happening. About 5% of desktop web
browsers like visit AI tools regularly.
But verscell.com, I I searched for
visitors to versel.com's
site in Spark Toro. And as I scrolled
down, I was instantly like, whoa, that's
crazy. I've never seen GitHub be the
second most popular social network for
any audience. That I've never seen that
before. And you can see they're they're
used way more than other ones. Then I
scrolled down and I was like, "Oh, damn.
Chat GBT is plus 162%." Which is huge.
But look at their use of perplexity and
claude. Uh that is absolutely wild. Just
totally stunning. So then I went to
Verscell and I thought, you know, I
don't know what they do. Aha. Build and
deploy on the AI cloud. No wonder. No
wonder their audience is such incredibly
heavy users of these AI tools. You know,
this this shouldn't surprise anyone at
all. By by the way, you can uh dig in
here and you can see the the history,
right? So I could look at um chat
chatbt's history, right? Like, oh yeah,
look at that. A year ago, uh their
audience wasn't using that. Now, boom,
you know, flying flying off the hook. Uh
Claude, same thing, right? Like
skyrocketing. Now, take a look at
something. Uh here's another uh website
I was browsing recently, which I I'm I'm
going on a trip to Japan, and I was
like, "Oh, yeah. I'm going to look at um
tablet hotels. They do like this these
collections of hotels. If you were doing
marketing for tablet hotels and you read
this article from Verscell and you
thought to yourself, "Oh man, you know,
search AI search is going crazy." Well,
I would I would check first. You got to
check first because look, you know,
GitHub is not on the list of the top 10
most used social networks. No surprise.
Why would hotel visitors, luxury hotel
visitors be super using, you know, uh
chatbt or something or or um um GitHub?
But look, chat GBT is more used than
it's it's half as much, right? It's plus
85% instead of 160 something%. But you
can see there's no other AI tools in the
top 10. And chatbt is only the eighth
most used is behind Yahoo, behind
Pinterest, behind Bing and Amazon and
Reddit and Wikipedia and Google in terms
of use by this audience. So just very
important to confirm when you when you
read articles like this I think you can
get quickly biased to think oh my
audience is also doing that and that's
not always the This